Expand on why you can cancel alter type that drops enum values. (#14710)
cockroachdb/docs: v22.1/alter-type.md

{% include {{ page.version.version }}/misc/schema-change-stmt-note.md %}

{{site.data.alerts.callout_info}}

> - When you drop a value, CockroachDB searches through all of the rows that could contain the enum value, which could take a long time. Therefore, you can [cancel](cancel-job.html) `ALTER TYPE` [schema change jobs](online-schema-changes.html) that drop values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can only [cancel](cancel-job.html) `ALTER TYPE` [schema change jobs](online-schema-changes.html) that drop values. This is because when you drop a value, CockroachDB searches through every row that could contain the `ENUM` value, which could take a long time.

All other `ALTER TYPE` schema change jobs are non-cancellable.
```

Reviewer: Making two suggestions:

- Leading with the key point, as the original version did, that only `ALTER TYPE` jobs that drop values are cancellable. It is less intuitive IMO to lead with the explanation about CRDB searching all rows.
- Removing the bullet points - I usually avoid these in callouts, especially without leading text that is not in a list, because it looks visually off (and because the combo of callout box + bullet points somehow sends mixed signals). This can be up for discussion in style committee.

> - All other `ALTER TYPE` schema change jobs are non-cancellable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
